NFC shell (#11790)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nfc/shell/README.rst

.. _nfc_shell:

NFC: Shell
##########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This sample demonstrates the NFC transport feature for the shell interface.
It runs the shell interface with the NFC T4T ISO-DEP transport layer.
It uses :ref:`shell_nfc_readme`.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

.. include:: /includes/tfm.txt

> The sample also requires the NFC Reader/Writer device with support for raw ISO-DEP (ISO14443-4A) protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample also requires the polling device with support for raw ISO-DEP (ISO14443-4A) protocol.
```

> The NFC Reader/Writer device must follow data exchange mechanism described in the :ref:`shell_nfc_readme`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The polling device must follow data exchange mechanism described in the :ref:`shell_nfc_readme` library.
```

Overview
********

You can use this sample as an example how to run shell through the NFC T4T transport.

> This is not common use case for a NFC since the NFC Tag is a passive device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is not a common use case for NFC as an NFC tag is a passive device.
```

> However this feature can be useful, for example, for devices provisioning on the production line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this feature can be useful, for example, for devices provisioning on the production line.
```

This sample is simple and it runs shell over the NFC transport and implements two shell command that control **LED 2**.

> You can use following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following commands:
```

* The ``led on`` command lits **LED 2**.
* The ``led off`` command dims **LED 2**.

User interface
**************

LED 1:
   Blinks, toggling on/off every second, when the main loop is running.

LED 2:
   Lit or dim when user issue the shell commands that control it.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/nfc/shell`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

.. note::
   |nfc_nfct_driver_note|

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your development kit, complete the following steps to test it:

1. |connect_terminal_ANSI|
#. Reset your development kit.
#. Observe that the sample starts.

> #. Touch the NFC antenna with the NFC Reader/Writer device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Touch the NFC antenna with the polling device.
```

#. Observe that the shell prompt appears on the terminal.

> #. Keep NFC antenna in the polling device field range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Keep the NFC antenna in the polling device field range.
```

Author: Discussed offline

> #. Keep NFC antenna in the Reader/Writer device field range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Keep NFC antenna in the polling device field range.
```

> #. Issue ``led on`` command through the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Issue the ``led on`` command through the terminal.
```

> #. Observe that **LED 2** lit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Observe that the **LED 2** lits.
```

> #. Issue ``led off`` command through the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Issue the ``led off`` command through the terminal.
```

> #. Observe that **LED 2** dim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Observe that the **LED 2** dims.
```
